README.md, before:

# fate (f8)

An file storage bucket system where abstract entities have file storage capabilties

Consists of an Entity manager where one can register an entity


## Usage (undecided)

```bash
go get -u -v "github.com/phanirithvij/fate/..."
```

Example

```go
t
f8
```

## Use cases

- Whenever an entity requires some file storage along with it this library can be used

**Some examples**

- A central Organization site where each organization stores files based on some criteria say for eg. user uploaded files. `Entity is Organization`
- A user collections system where user can upload files and need to have granular file permission control, Example some wallpaper website where each User has collections, uploaded images
- Can be used as a generic cloud file storage where there's only a single `Admin entity`
    - Extereme use cases are Imgur, Deviantart, Google Cloud, DropBox


**Notes**
- Will try to implement with as much abstraction as possible
- Most likely works alongside with `gorm`

# FAQ

## Why f8?

Abstract Entity File Transfer (aeft -> fate -> f8)

## How useful is this?

Not sure. Just made it for some of my projects which all require file uploads, exports, sharing and file transfer analytics

Commit message:

add options and fix bugs

README.md, after:

# fate (f8)

An file storage bucket system where abstract entities have file storage capabilties

Consists of an Entity manager where one can register an entity

## Usage (undecided)

```bash
go get -u -v "github.com/phanirithvij/fate/..."
```

Example

```go
t
f8
```

## Use cases

- Whenever an entity requires some file storage along with it this library can be used

**Some examples**

- A central Organization site where each organization stores files based on some criteria say for eg. user uploaded files. `Entity is Organization`
- A user collections system where user can upload files and need to have granular file permission control, Example some wallpaper website where each User has collections, uploaded images
- Can be used as a generic cloud file storage where there's only a single `Admin entity`
  - Extereme use cases are Imgur, Deviantart, Google Cloud, DropBox

**Notes**

- Will try to implement with as much abstraction as possible
- Most likely works alongside with `gorm`
- Using [Polymorphic](https://gorm.io/docs/has_many.html#Polymorphism-Association) for the sql relations instead of foreignKey because there's some bugs with foreignKey schema generation in gorm (In my schema)
  - And in v2 of gorm the `db.Model(&model).AddForeignKey` method was removed

# FAQ

## Why f8?

Abstract Entity File Transfer (aeft -> fate -> f8)

## How useful is this?

Not sure. Just made it for some of my projects which all require file uploads, exports, sharing and file transfer analytics
